Lu Xiaoyong is the distinguished guest I asked Yaxian to invite
As soon as you say blast it out, blast it out
Do you still have me in your eyes?
Lu Xiaoyong
Excuse me?
inside
Don't take it to heart if you are not sensible
It's okay, I'm Yaxian's boyfriend
Just call me Xiao Liu
Xiao Yang
Come on, don't ask.
This is a foreign wine my son brought from Germany
It is dedicated to the master
Cheap for you today, brother.
Sister-in-law heard that you like fine wine
My girlfriend in Shaoxing
Brought me a bottle of their specialty
I brought it over today so you could try it.
Hope you like it.
Good wine with heroes
I must have a few more drinks today
Ah!
Look what I have in this broken jar
Who knows how he got fat?
Sir, don't move
You prodigal bitch
Do you know what you sprinkled this on?
Licking the sky
Isn't it just inferior Baijiu?
cut
The bottle is dirty and has mud on it, you know what the hell
This is the period of the Republic of China
Big families are buried in the ground
When my daughter gets married
The first-class daughter red that was dug out and opened.
valuable but powerless
Priceless?
Remember when I was a kid I stole a sip
I was chased three blocks by my grandfather with a cane
You sprinkled so much today.
I have the heart to kill you now
Besides, there is a priceless wine that can be indulged in heaven, okay?
I'm just pretending to be confused
Not dead